# Tips-to-raise-money-for-businesses
Commencing and expanding a business is a big task for women entrepreneurs on the other hand financial investment comes with its own set of opportunities, risks, and obstacles. How to raise money for my business is the major concern of all women entrepreneurs, as gathering enough capital is an important factor for the smooth operations of businesses. The beginning phase of all the businesses is crucial and to further maintain the momentum and meet the breaks-evens some quick finances are required. The financial assistance is available in the form of two loans, is short-term and long-term. it can be further renewed after a period when the business is capable of re-paying the money in a limited period. The interest rate on these loans can be dependent on various factors like the type of business, type of loan, credit rating, current market trends, and the amount of loan you are applying for. Here is the list of <a href="https://www.empoweress.in/startup-guides/the-art-of-pitching-successfully-to-investors">tips to raise money for female business leaders</a>:
1.	Working Capital Loan
The working capital loan is availed by businesses that wish to meet the short-term requirement of liquid cash. When cash is required for daily operations, a working capital loan can be highly helpful. The working capital business funding is conferred for six months to one year and interest rates vary from anywhere between 12%-16% depending on the evaluation of credit uncertainty of a business.
2.	Term Loan
The term loan is a long-term loan used by businesses when the investors like a business plan that was approached to them. If the investor is willing to finance that idea for the business plan to meet its capital expenditures then term loans are preferred. 
3.	Equipment and Invoice Loans
Equipment loans are primarily for a business dealing in production procedures. Banks have various small business funding only for the purchase of quintessential and costly tools and types of equipment. The loans can extend up to 25 Crore, though, some banks also extend up to 100 Crore. The duration of these loans varies up to 4 to 5 years with a cheaper interest rate.
Invoice loans are customarily offered as a tool for boosting capital because of the time discrepancy between raising an invoice and being paid. Banks offer invoice loans at 80% of the amount on the invoice and the rest money becomes payable when an invoice is fully paid. The processing fees and interest rates are quite less. 
4.	Partners and Venture Capital (VC)
Strategic partners can be a great source of raising capital for small businesses as they join their resources for assisting another business. These partners also have a choice to become an employee of the business. Venture capitals, on the other hand, are the firms that offer funding to small businesses at the initial stages of a business. Though, they seek comparatively larger investments than strategic partners and also take a regulating part of the firm. These firms evaluate a business for its sustainability.
5.	Government Schemes and Bank Loans
There are different schemes for providing finances to MSME (Micro, Small, and Medium Enterprise) sectors. These loans are provided by commercial banks, co-operative banks, etc. The loans under the schemes are classified according to the distinctive developmental stages of business.
Bank loans are a very common option that allows loans to small businesses with a reliable record and security. You can choose bank loans for short as well as long-term as per your needs.
